Add whisper endpoints (#200)
alexrudall/ruby-openai: README.md

    => 5.505014632944949e-05
```

### Whisper

> Whispr is a speech to text model that can be used to generate text in a conversational style. You can use it to generate a text based on a audio file [messages](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/chat/introduction):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whisper is a speech to text model that can be used to generate text based on an audio file [messages](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/chat/introduction):
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Translate

The translations API takes as input the audio file in any of the supported languages and transcribes, if necessary, the audio into english

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
